Don't worry.
I'm already tied up
Work as soon as you arrive
Don't go anywhere
Just find someone who doesn't have anyone and do it for her
Why is that?
fool
Someone has found out that your kidnapping will be pursued soon
Find a place to park right now
In the car. She slashed her face afterwards.
immediately
OK, OK.
You pay, you're the boss.
I'll find a place for her to do it later
It was Yoyo Mu who talked to the kidnapper on the phone
Sure enough
Xiaoqi
You hacked into the kidnapper's phone
Use his number to send Mu Yoyo real-time positioning
Make up another message
Say the situation has changed
Let Mu Yoyo come over immediately
Block Mu Youyou after sending it.
So that she can't call in and confirm with the kidnappers
Good host
Come on.
beauty
Let's find a place to do it later
There is no heroine in this play tonight, Yoyo Ki
How can that work?